GH-2: remove `retention_days` param for the diagnostic-settings module (#2)
claranet/terraform-azurerm-db-postgresql-flexible: CHANGELOG.md

> # Unreleased

Author: Is `pre-commit` run in CI? When I run it locally on all files `pre-commit run --all-files`,  `end-of-file-fixer` fails to pass

Reviewer: Oh yes, fix-end-of-line is not in CI, but you can push the fixes if you want :)
(the main reason is that we introduced pre-commit commit after the CI)

Author: done!

Breaking

>   * GH-1: remove `retention_days` parameter for the diagnostic-settings module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [GH-2](https://github.com/claranet/terraform-azurerm-db-postgresql-flexible/pull/2/files): Remove `retention_days` parameter for the diagnostic-settings module
```

Author: done
